overview.mdx, before:

---
title: Overview
description: What is SuperStarter and how do I get started?
---

Welcome to the SuperStarter for Next.js documentation. This is the place to get started with the starter kit, learn about the structure, its features and how to use it.

## What is SuperStarter?

SuperStarter is a fullstack starter kit that helps you build production-ready and scalable web applications faster. It comes with the most common features you need to build a SaaS and and is designed to help you build your new SaaS app as thoroughly as possible, balancing speed and quality.

## Philosophy

### Fast

Your project should be **fast**. This doesn't just mean fast to build, run and deploy. It also means it should be fast to validate ideas, iterate and scale. This is critical for front-loading the important parts of starting a startup: finding product-market fit, iterating on the core concept and scaling to customers.

### Cheap

Your project should be **cheap** and preferably free to start. You shouldn't be spending money on tools and infrastructure if you don't have customers yet. It should avoid a flat cost, or have a generous free tier. You should aim to make your project self-sustaining, with the goal of avoiding any recurring costs upfront and finding services that scale with you.

### Opinionated

Your project should be **opinionated**. This means that the tooling should be designed to work together, and the project should be designed to work with the tooling. This is important for reducing friction and increasing productivity.

### Modern

Your project should be **modern**. This means that the tooling should be actively maintained, and the project should be designed to take advantage of the latest features. This is important for reducing technical debt and increasing longevity. This doesn't mean you should use bleeding edge or experimental tooling, but instead should use the latest stable versions of modern tools with healthy communities and long-term support.

### Safe

Your project should be **safe**. Practically, this means end-to-end type safety, securely handling secrets and using platforms that offer robust security posture.

## Use like LEGO blocks

We provide dozens of [blocks](/packages/design-system/blocks) for you to use. You can select the blocks you need and combine the [data config](/setup/configuration/app-config) into a complete application by configuring the data. Start a landing page in minutes



## Demo

We have a demo version of SuperStarter that you can use to get a feel for the project!

Here are the URLs:

- [Web](https://superstarter-demo.focusapps.app)
- [App](https://app.superstarter-demo.focusapps.app)
- [Storybook](https://storybook.superstarter.focusapps.app)
- [API](https://api.superstarter-demo.focusapps.app/health)


## Feedback

<Card title="Issues" icon="bug" href="https://github.com/focusapps/SuperStarter/issues" horizontal>
  Report bugs or ask for enhancements.
</Card>

<Card title="Pull Requests" icon="hands-clapping" href="https://github.com/focusapps/SuperStarter/pulls" horizontal>
  Submit your own improvements.
</Card>

<Card title="Discussions" icon="comments" href="https://github.com/focusapps/SuperStarter/discussions" horizontal>
  Discuss the future of SuperStarter.
</Card>

## Enjoy! 
This documentation is designed to be easy to follow and understand. If you have any questions or need help, feel free to reach out to us at superstarter@focusapps.app.

Explore new features, build amazing apps, and have fun! 🚀

Commit message:

docs: rename SuperStarter to ShipThing in all documentation files

overview.mdx, after:

---
title: Overview
description: What is ShipThing and how do I get started?
---

Welcome to the ShipThing for Next.js documentation. This is the place to get started with the starter kit, learn about the structure, its features and how to use it.

## What is ShipThing?

ShipThing is a fullstack starter kit that helps you build production-ready and scalable web applications faster. It comes with the most common features you need to build a SaaS and and is designed to help you build your new SaaS app as thoroughly as possible, balancing speed and quality.

## Philosophy

### Fast

Your project should be **fast**. This doesn't just mean fast to build, run and deploy. It also means it should be fast to validate ideas, iterate and scale. This is critical for front-loading the important parts of starting a startup: finding product-market fit, iterating on the core concept and scaling to customers.

### Cheap

Your project should be **cheap** and preferably free to start. You shouldn't be spending money on tools and infrastructure if you don't have customers yet. It should avoid a flat cost, or have a generous free tier. You should aim to make your project self-sustaining, with the goal of avoiding any recurring costs upfront and finding services that scale with you.

### Opinionated

Your project should be **opinionated**. This means that the tooling should be designed to work together, and the project should be designed to work with the tooling. This is important for reducing friction and increasing productivity.

### Modern

Your project should be **modern**. This means that the tooling should be actively maintained, and the project should be designed to take advantage of the latest features. This is important for reducing technical debt and increasing longevity. This doesn't mean you should use bleeding edge or experimental tooling, but instead should use the latest stable versions of modern tools with healthy communities and long-term support.

### Safe

Your project should be **safe**. Practically, this means end-to-end type safety, securely handling secrets and using platforms that offer robust security posture.

## Use like LEGO blocks

We provide dozens of [blocks](/packages/design-system/blocks) for you to use. You can select the blocks you need and combine the [data config](/setup/configuration/app-config) into a complete application by configuring the data. Start a landing page in minutes



## Demo

We have a demo version of ShipThing that you can use to get a feel for the project!

Here are the URLs:

- [Web](https://demo.shipthing.com)
- [App](https://app.demo.shipthing.com)
- [Storybook](https://storybook.superstarter.focusapps.app)
- [API](https://api.demo.shipthing.com/health)


## Feedback

<Card title="Issues" icon="bug" href="https://github.com/focusapps/ShipThing/issues" horizontal>
  Report bugs or ask for enhancements.
</Card>

<Card title="Pull Requests" icon="hands-clapping" href="https://github.com/focusapps/ShipThing/pulls" horizontal>
  Submit your own improvements.
</Card>

<Card title="Discussions" icon="comments" href="https://github.com/focusapps/ShipThing/discussions" horizontal>
  Discuss the future of ShipThing.
</Card>

## Enjoy! 
This documentation is designed to be easy to follow and understand. If you have any questions or need help, feel free to reach out to us at product@shipthing.com.

Explore new features, build amazing apps, and have fun! 🚀
