packages/payments/providers/chargebee.mdx, before:

---
title: Chargebee
description: Learn how to set up Creem with SuperStarter.
---

## Get the api key

After you have created your account for Creem, you will need to get the API key. You can do this by going to the [API page](https://www.chargebee.com/docs/2.0/api_keys.html) in the dashboard. Here you will find the `Secret key` and the `Publishable key`. You will need the `Secret key` for the integration to work.

### Add environment variables

To use the Creem integration, you need to define the following environment variables to your `.env.local` as well as your production environment:

```env .env.local
CHARGEBEE_API_KEY=
CHARGEBEE_SITE=
CREEM_API_KEY=""
```

## In-App Purchases

Delete the comment in:
```ts /packages/payments/index.ts
export * from './providers/chargebee';
```

### Creating a Checkout Session

We need to create a checkout session to charge your users , and you only need modify some code. It consists of two parts:

- Client

It sends a request to create a session to the `/api/chargebee/checkout` endpoint.

```tsx apps/web/[locale]/components/payment/price-form.tsx
      const response = await fetch('/api/chargebee/checkout', { // change to `/api/chargebee/checkout`
        method: 'POST',
        body: JSON.stringify({
          priceId: item.priceId,
          interval: item.interval,
        }),
      });
```

- Server

Delete the comment in `apps/web/api/chargebee/checkout/route.ts`

Commit message:

docs(payments): update integration instructions for payment providers
- Update instructions for Chargebee, Creem, Lemonsqueezy, Paddle, and Polar integrations
- Replace outdated comments with new code examples for in-app purchases
- Update API key retrieval and environment variable instructions
- Remove unnecessary comments and improve clarity in documentation

packages/payments/providers/chargebee.mdx, after:

---
title: Chargebee
description: Learn how to set up Creem with SuperStarter.
---

## Get the api key

After you have created your account for Creem, you will need to get the API key. You can do this by going to the [API page](https://www.chargebee.com/docs/2.0/api_keys.html) in the dashboard. Here you will find the `Secret key` and the `Publishable key`. You will need the `Secret key` for the integration to work.

### Add environment variables

To use the Creem integration, you need to define the following environment variables to your `.env.local` as well as your production environment:

```env .env.local
CHARGEBEE_API_KEY=
CHARGEBEE_SITE=
CREEM_API_KEY=""
```

## In-App Purchases

You can use Chargebee anywhere in your application by importing a `chargebee` object:
```ts page.tsx
import { chargebee } from '@repo/payments';
```

### Creating a Checkout Session

We need to create a checkout session to charge your users , and you only need modify some code. It consists of two parts:

- Client

It sends a request to create a session to the `/api/chargebee/checkout` endpoint.

```tsx apps/web/[locale]/components/payment/price-form.tsx
      const response = await fetch('/api/chargebee/checkout', { // change to `/api/chargebee/checkout`
        method: 'POST',
        body: JSON.stringify({
          priceId: item.priceId,
          interval: item.interval,
        }),
      });
```

- Server

Implementing business logic in `apps/web/api/chargebee/checkout/route.ts`.
