packages/payments/providers/lemonsqueezy.mdx, before:

---
title: Lemonsqueezy
description: Learn how to set up Lemonsqueezy with SuperStarter.
---

[Lemon Squeezy](https://www.lemonsqueezy.com/) is an all-in-one platform for running your SaaS business. It handles payments, subscriptions, global tax compliance, fraud prevention, multi-currency, and more. Here’s how to switch the default payment processor from Stripe to Lemon Squeezy.

## Get the api key

After you have created your account for Lemonsqueezy, you will need to get the API key. You can do this by going to the [API page](https://app.lemonsqueezy.com/settings/api) in the dashboard. Here you will find the `Secret key` and the `Publishable key`. You will need the `Secret key` for the integration to work.

### Add environment variables

To use the Lemonsqueezy integration, you need to define the following environment variables to your `.env.local` as well as your production environment:

```env .env.local
LEMON_SQUEEZY_API_KEY=
LEMON_SQUEEZY_WEBHOOK_SECRET=
```

## In-App Purchases

Delete the comment in:
```ts /packages/payments/index.ts
export * from './providers/lemonsqueezy';
```

### Creating a Checkout Session

We need to create a checkout session to charge your users , and you only need modify some code. It consists of two parts:

- Client

It sends a request to create a session to the `/api/lemonsqueezy/checkout` endpoint.

```tsx apps/web/[locale]/components/payment/price-form.tsx
      const response = await fetch('/api/lemonsqueezy/checkout', { // change to `/api/lemonsqueezy/checkout`
        method: 'POST',
        body: JSON.stringify({
          priceId: item.priceId,
          interval: item.interval,
        }),
      });
```

- Server

Delete the comment in `apps/web/api/lemonsqueezy/checkout/route.ts`

<Tip>
Lemonsqueezy allows using the product's [Purchase Link](https://docs.lemonsqueezy.com/guides/developer-guide/taking-payments#creating-checkouts-from-the-lemon-squeezy-dashboard) without creating a checkout session through the API.
</Tip>

Commit message:

docs(payments): update integration instructions for payment providers
- Update instructions for Chargebee, Creem, Lemonsqueezy, Paddle, and Polar integrations
- Replace outdated comments with new code examples for in-app purchases
- Update API key retrieval and environment variable instructions
- Remove unnecessary comments and improve clarity in documentation

packages/payments/providers/lemonsqueezy.mdx, after:

---
title: Lemonsqueezy
description: Learn how to set up Lemonsqueezy with SuperStarter.
---

[Lemon Squeezy](https://www.lemonsqueezy.com/) is an all-in-one platform for running your SaaS business. It handles payments, subscriptions, global tax compliance, fraud prevention, multi-currency, and more. Here’s how to switch the default payment processor from Stripe to Lemon Squeezy.

## Get the api key

After you have created your account for Lemonsqueezy, you will need to get the API key. You can do this by going to the [API page](https://app.lemonsqueezy.com/settings/api) in the dashboard. Here you will find the `Secret key` and the `Publishable key`. You will need the `Secret key` for the integration to work.

### Add environment variables

To use the Lemonsqueezy integration, you need to define the following environment variables to your `.env.local` as well as your production environment:

```env .env.local
LEMON_SQUEEZY_API_KEY=
LEMON_SQUEEZY_WEBHOOK_SECRET=
```

## In-App Purchases

You can use Lemonsqueezy anywhere in your application by importing a `lemonsqueezy` object:
```ts page.tsx
import { lemonsqueezy } from '@repo/payments';
```

### Creating a Checkout Session

We need to create a checkout session to charge your users , and you only need modify some code. It consists of two parts:

- Client

It sends a request to create a session to the `/api/lemonsqueezy/checkout` endpoint.

```tsx apps/web/[locale]/components/payment/price-form.tsx
      const response = await fetch('/api/lemonsqueezy/checkout', { // change to `/api/lemonsqueezy/checkout`
        method: 'POST',
        body: JSON.stringify({
          priceId: item.priceId,
          interval: item.interval,
        }),
      });
```

- Server

Implementing business logic in `apps/web/api/lemonsqueezy/checkout/route.ts`.

<Tip>
Lemonsqueezy allows using the product's [Purchase Link](https://docs.lemonsqueezy.com/guides/developer-guide/taking-payments#creating-checkouts-from-the-lemon-squeezy-dashboard) without creating a checkout session through the API.
</Tip>
