packages/payments/providers/paddle.mdx, before:

---
title: Paddle
description: Learn how to set up Creem with SuperStarter.
---

[Paddle Billing](https://www.paddle.com/) is a merchant of record for selling digital products and subscriptions. It takes care of payments, global tax compliance, fraud prevention, localization, and subscriptions. Here’s how to switch the default payment processor from Stripe to Paddle Billing.

## Get the api key

After you have created your account for Creem, you will need to get the API key. You can do this by going to the [API page](https://www.paddle.com/) in the dashboard. Here you will find the Secret key and the Publishable key. You will need the Secret key for the integration to work.

### Add environment variables

To use the Creem integration, you need to define the following environment variables to your `.env.local` as well as your production environment:

```env .env.local
PADDLE_SECRET_KEY=
PADDLE_WEBHOOK_SECRET=
PADDLE_ENV="" // Use 'sandbox' if you're using the sandbox environment - else use 'production' or omit the parameter
```

## In-App Purchases

Delete the comment in:
```ts /packages/payments/index.ts
export * from './providers/paddle';
```

### Creating a Checkout Session

We need to create a checkout session to charge your users , and you only need modify some code. It consists of two parts:

- Client

It sends a request to create a session to the `/api/paddle/checkout` endpoint.

```tsx apps/web/[locale]/components/payment/price-form.tsx
      const response = await fetch('/api/paddle/checkout', { // change to `/api/paddle/checkout`
        method: 'POST',
        body: JSON.stringify({
          priceId: item.priceId,
          interval: item.interval,
        }),
      });
```

- Server

Delete the comment in `apps/web/api/paddle/checkout/route.ts`

<Tip>
If you want create a checkout session in client side, you can use the following code:

```tsx apps/web/[locale]/components/payment/price-form.tsx
'use client';

import { usePaddle } from '@repo/payments/checkout';

const Pricing = () => {
  const paddle = usePaddle();

  function openCheckout(priceId: string) {
    paddle?.Checkout.open({
      items: [
        {
          priceId,
          quantity: 1,
        },
      ],
    });
  }

  return (
    <Button
      className="mt-8 gap-4"
      onClick={() => openCheckout('pri_01jkzb4x1hc91s8w38cr3m86yy')}
    >
      Subscribe now <MoveRight className="h-4 w-4" />
    </Button>
  );
};

export default Pricing;
```
</Tip>

Commit message:

docs(payments): update integration instructions for payment providers
- Update instructions for Chargebee, Creem, Lemonsqueezy, Paddle, and Polar integrations
- Replace outdated comments with new code examples for in-app purchases
- Update API key retrieval and environment variable instructions
- Remove unnecessary comments and improve clarity in documentation

packages/payments/providers/paddle.mdx, after:

---
title: Paddle
description: Learn how to set up Paddle with SuperStarter.
---

[Paddle Billing](https://www.paddle.com/) is a merchant of record for selling digital products and subscriptions. It takes care of payments, global tax compliance, fraud prevention, localization, and subscriptions. Here’s how to switch the default payment processor from Stripe to Paddle Billing.

## Get the api key

After you have created your account for Paddle, you will need to get the API key. You can do this by going to the [API page](https://www.paddle.com/) in the dashboard. Here you will find the Secret key and the Publishable key. You will need the Secret key for the integration to work.

### Add environment variables

To use the Paddle integration, you need to define the following environment variables to your `.env.local` as well as your production environment:

```env .env.local
PADDLE_SECRET_KEY=
PADDLE_WEBHOOK_SECRET=
PADDLE_ENV="" // Use 'sandbox' if you're using the sandbox environment - else use 'production' or omit the parameter
```

## In-App Purchases

You can use Paddle anywhere in your application by importing a `paddle` object:
```ts page.tsx
import { paddle } from '@repo/payments';
```

### Creating a Checkout Session

We need to create a checkout session to charge your users , and you only need modify some code. It consists of two parts:

- Client

It sends a request to create a session to the `/api/paddle/checkout` endpoint.

```tsx apps/web/[locale]/components/payment/price-form.tsx
      const response = await fetch('/api/paddle/checkout', { // change to `/api/paddle/checkout`
        method: 'POST',
        body: JSON.stringify({
          priceId: item.priceId,
          interval: item.interval,
        }),
      });
```

- Server

Implementing business logic in `apps/web/api/paddle/checkout/route.ts`.

<Tip>
If you want create a checkout session in client side, you can use the following code:

```tsx apps/web/[locale]/components/payment/price-form.tsx
'use client';

import { usePaddle } from '@repo/payments/checkout';

const Pricing = () => {
  const paddle = usePaddle();

  function openCheckout(priceId: string) {
    paddle?.Checkout.open({
      items: [
        {
          priceId,
          quantity: 1,
        },
      ],
    });
  }

  return (
    <Button
      className="mt-8 gap-4"
      onClick={() => openCheckout('pri_01jkzb4x1hc91s8w38cr3m86yy')}
    >
      Subscribe now <MoveRight className="h-4 w-4" />
    </Button>
  );
};

export default Pricing;
```
</Tip>
