packages/payments/providers/polar.mdx, before:

---
title: Polar
description: Learn how to set up Polar with SuperStarter.
---

## Get the api key

After you have created your account for Polar, you will need to get the API key. You can do this by going to the [API page](https://polar.sh/) in the dashboard. Here you will find the `Secret key` and the `Publishable key`. You will need the `Secret key` for the integration to work.

### Add environment variables

To use the Polar integration, you need to define the following environment variables to your .env.local as well as your production environment:

```env .env.local
POLAR_ACCESS_TOKEN=""
POLAR_WEBHOOK_SECRET=""
POLAR_ENV="" // Use 'sandbox' if you're using the sandbox environment - else use 'production' or omit the parameter
```

## In-App Purchases

Delete the comment in:
```ts /packages/payments/index.ts
export * from './providers/polar';
```

### Creating a Checkout Session

We need to create a checkout session to charge your users , and you only need modify some code. It consists of two parts:

- Client

It sends a request to create a session to the `/api/polar/checkout` endpoint.

```tsx apps/web/[locale]/components/payment/price-form.tsx
      const response = await fetch('/api/polar/checkout', { // change to `/api/polar/checkout`
        method: 'POST',
        body: JSON.stringify({
          priceId: item.priceId,
          interval: item.interval,
        }),
      });
```

- Server

Delete the comment in `apps/web/api/polar/checkout/route.ts`

Commit message:

docs(payments): update integration instructions for payment providers
- Update instructions for Chargebee, Creem, Lemonsqueezy, Paddle, and Polar integrations
- Replace outdated comments with new code examples for in-app purchases
- Update API key retrieval and environment variable instructions
- Remove unnecessary comments and improve clarity in documentation

packages/payments/providers/polar.mdx, after:

---
title: Polar
description: Learn how to set up Polar with SuperStarter.
---

## Get the api key

After you have created your account for Polar, you will need to get the API key. You can do this by going to the [API page](https://polar.sh/) in the dashboard. Here you will find the `Secret key` and the `Publishable key`. You will need the `Secret key` for the integration to work.

### Add environment variables

To use the Polar integration, you need to define the following environment variables to your .env.local as well as your production environment:

```env .env.local
POLAR_ACCESS_TOKEN=""
POLAR_WEBHOOK_SECRET=""
POLAR_ENV="" // Use 'sandbox' if you're using the sandbox environment - else use 'production' or omit the parameter
```

## In-App Purchases

You can use Polar anywhere in your application by importing a `polar` object:
```ts page.tsx
import { polar } from '@repo/payments';
```

### Creating a Checkout Session

We need to create a checkout session to charge your users , and you only need modify some code. It consists of two parts:

- Client

It sends a request to create a session to the `/api/polar/checkout` endpoint.

```tsx apps/web/[locale]/components/payment/price-form.tsx
      const response = await fetch('/api/polar/checkout', { // change to `/api/polar/checkout`
        method: 'POST',
        body: JSON.stringify({
          priceId: item.priceId,
          interval: item.interval,
        }),
      });
```

- Server

Implementing business logic in `apps/web/api/polar/checkout/route.ts`.
