setup/codebase/update.mdx, before:

---
title: Update the codebase
description: Learn how to update the codebase from the SuperStarter repo to the latest updates and features.
---

<Warning>
Before you update your code base, make sure your git repository is clean and that you have no uncommitted changes.
</Warning>

## Use the CLI

This can be difficult to do manually, so we've created a script to help you, this is the recommended way to update your project.

```sh Terminal
npx super-starter@latest update
```

This will run our update script, which will guide you through the process of updating your project.

```
┌  Let's update your SuperStarter project!
│
│
◆  Select a version to update to:
│  ● v2.0.15
│  ○ v2.0.14
│  ○ v2.0.13
│  ○ v2.0.12
│  ○ v2.0.11
└
```

This will clone the latest version of SuperStarter into a temporary directory, apply the updates, and then copy the files over to your project. From here, you can commit the changes and push them to your repository.

## Use Git

Add the upstream remote pointing to the original repository to pull updates:

```sh Terminal
git remote add origin https://github.com/focusapps/SuperStarter/
```

> If you have done this in the setup before, you can skip this step.

Update your repository from the SuperStarter repository:

```sh Terminal
- Pull changes
git pull upstream main

- Merge changes
git merge upstream/main
```
<Note>
Conflicts in pnpm-lock.yaml?

If you find conflicts in the `pnpm-lock.yaml` file, accept either of the two changes (avoid manual edits), then run:
```sh Terminal
pnpm i
```
Your lock file will now reflect both your changes and the updates from the upstream repository.
</Note>
<Tip>Because SuperStarter is a boilerplate and not a library, you'll likely need to manually merge the changes you've made with the changes from the update.</Tip>

Commit message:

docs: rename SuperStarter to ShipThing in all documentation files

setup/codebase/update.mdx, after:

---
title: Update the codebase
description: Learn how to update the codebase from the ShipThing repo to the latest updates and features.
---

<Warning>
Before you update your code base, make sure your git repository is clean and that you have no uncommitted changes.
</Warning>

## Use the CLI

This can be difficult to do manually, so we've created a script to help you, this is the recommended way to update your project.

```sh Terminal
npx shipthing@latest update
```

This will run our update script, which will guide you through the process of updating your project.

```
┌  Let's update your ShipThing project!
│
│
◆  Select a version to update to:
│  ● v2.0.15
│  ○ v2.0.14
│  ○ v2.0.13
│  ○ v2.0.12
│  ○ v2.0.11
└
```

This will clone the latest version of ShipThing into a temporary directory, apply the updates, and then copy the files over to your project. From here, you can commit the changes and push them to your repository.

## Use Git

Add the upstream remote pointing to the original repository to pull updates:

```sh Terminal
git remote add origin https://github.com/focusapps/ShipThing/
```

> If you have done this in the setup before, you can skip this step.

Update your repository from the ShipThing repository:

```sh Terminal
- Pull changes
git pull upstream main

- Merge changes
git merge upstream/main
```
<Note>
Conflicts in pnpm-lock.yaml?

If you find conflicts in the `pnpm-lock.yaml` file, accept either of the two changes (avoid manual edits), then run:
```sh Terminal
pnpm i
```
Your lock file will now reflect both your changes and the updates from the upstream repository.
</Note>
<Tip>Because ShipThing is a boilerplate and not a library, you'll likely need to manually merge the changes you've made with the changes from the update.</Tip>
