packages/seo/sitemap.mdx, before:

---
title: Sitemap
description: How we generate the sitemap for the website.
---

SuperStarter automatically generates the `sitemap` for the website using Next.js's built-in [sitemap generation](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/api-reference/file-conventions/metadata/sitemap#generating-a-sitemap-using-code-js-ts) functionality (`sitemap.ts`). The generation process scans different directories in the project and creates sitemap entries for various types of content:

## Page Collection

If you add new pages or change the routes of your marketing pages, you need to make sure the sitemap reflects these changes.

You can find the configuration for the sitemap in the `apps/web/config.ts`:

```ts apps/web/config.ts
export const getSitemapConfig: SitemapConfig = {
  staticPages: [
    {
      url: '/contact', // Do not to add a domain prefix
      changeFrequency: 'monthly',
      priority: 0.8,
    },
  ],
};
```

## Content Collection

The system scans these directories:

### Blog Posts
- Reads all files in the `content/blog` directory
- Removes the `.mdx` extension from filenames

### Docs Posts
- Reads all files in the `content/docs` directory
- Removes the `.mdx` extension from filenames

### Legal Pages
- Similarly scans the `content/legal` directory
- Removes `.mdx` extensions

## Sitemap Generation

The final sitemap is generated by combining all these routes:

1. Adds the base URL as the root entry
2. Adds all page routes defined in the `getSitemapConfig` object
3. Adds all blog posts under the `blog/` path
4. Adds all blog posts under the `docs/` path
5. Adds all legal pages under the `legal/` path

Each sitemap entry includes:
- A full URL (combining the base URL with the route)
- A `lastModified` timestamp (set to the current date)

<Tip>The sitemap is **automatically regenerated** during each build, ensuring it stays up to date with your content.</Tip>

<Note>
There is one thing you need to pay attention to, whether you need to set the `VERCEL_PROJECT_PRODUCTION_URL` environment variable, which will affect the domain of all URL in the sitemap. If your website is deployed on vercel, this variable will be automatically set to the domain name deployed by the project, and you can also manually set it to specify your domain name.

For `web` application, it could be set like `your-domain.com`, The value does not include the protocol scheme https://.
</Note>

<Tip>
The url of your sitemap.xml generated will be: `https://your-domain.com/sitemap.xml`
</Tip>

Commit message:

docs(seo): update sitemap configuration guidance
- Clarify instructions for adding static pages to the sitemap
- Update examples in both English and Chinese documentation
- Improve consistency in language across different versions of the docs

packages/seo/sitemap.mdx, after:

---
title: Sitemap
description: How we generate the sitemap for the website.
---

SuperStarter automatically generates the `sitemap` for the website using Next.js's built-in [sitemap generation](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/api-reference/file-conventions/metadata/sitemap#generating-a-sitemap-using-code-js-ts) functionality (`sitemap.ts`). The generation process scans different directories in the project and creates sitemap entries for various types of content:

## Page Collection

If you add new pages or change the routes of your marketing pages, you need to make sure the sitemap reflects these changes.

You can find the configuration for the sitemap in the `apps/web/config.ts`:

```ts apps/web/config.ts
export const getSitemapConfig: SitemapConfig = {
  staticPages: [
    {
      url: '/contact', // Don't add a domain prefix or a language prefix, we'll take care of that for you.
      changeFrequency: 'monthly',
      priority: 0.8,
    },
  ],
};
```

## Content Collection

The system scans these directories:

### Blog Posts
- Reads all files in the `content/blog` directory
- Removes the `.mdx` extension from filenames

### Docs Posts
- Reads all files in the `content/docs` directory
- Removes the `.mdx` extension from filenames

### Legal Pages
- Similarly scans the `content/legal` directory
- Removes `.mdx` extensions

## Sitemap Generation

The final sitemap is generated by combining all these routes:

1. Adds the base URL as the root entry
2. Adds all page routes defined in the `getSitemapConfig` object
3. Adds all blog posts under the `blog/` path
4. Adds all blog posts under the `docs/` path
5. Adds all legal pages under the `legal/` path

Each sitemap entry includes:
- A full URL (combining the base URL with the route)
- A `lastModified` timestamp (set to the current date)

<Tip>The sitemap is **automatically regenerated** during each build, ensuring it stays up to date with your content.</Tip>

<Note>
There is one thing you need to pay attention to, whether you need to set the `VERCEL_PROJECT_PRODUCTION_URL` environment variable, which will affect the domain of all URL in the sitemap. If your website is deployed on vercel, this variable will be automatically set to the domain name deployed by the project, and you can also manually set it to specify your domain name.

For `web` application, it could be set like `your-domain.com`, The value does not include the protocol scheme https://.
</Note>

<Tip>
The url of your sitemap.xml generated will be: `https://your-domain.com/sitemap.xml`
</Tip>
