apps/storybook.mdx, before:

---
title: Storybook
description: Frontend workshop for the design system
---

<Frame>
  <img src="/images/storybook.png" alt="A preview of storybook" />
</Frame>

<Tip>The `storybook` application runs on port 6006.</Tip>

SuperStarter uses [Storybook](https://storybook.js.org/) as a frontend workshop for the design system. It allows you to interact with the components in the design system, and see how they behave in different states.

## Configuration

By default, Storybook is configured with our [blocks](/packages/design-system/blocks) and every component from [shadcn/ui](https://ui.shadcn.com/), and allows you to interact with them. It is also configured with the relevant fonts and higher-order components to ensure a consistent experience between your application and Storybook.

## Running the workshop

Storybook will start automatically when you run `pnpm dev`. You can also start it independently with `pnpm dev --filter storybook`. The preview will be available at [localhost:6006](http://localhost:6006).

## Adding stories

You can add your own components to the workshop by adding them to the `apps/storybook/stories` directory. Each component should have its own `.stories.tsx` file.

<Tip>
Adding a storybook is very simple, just follow the examples. The benefit of separating the component UI from the data is that you can reuse components across different applications, ensuring a consistent visual experience across all applications.
</Tip>

Commit message:

docs(in apps): add development instructions for individual apps
- Add development instructions for API, app, storybook, and web apps
- Update development.md to include commands for starting individual apps
- Add Chinese translations for new development instructions

apps/storybook.mdx, after:

---
title: Storybook
description: Frontend workshop for the design system
---

<Frame>
  <img src="/images/storybook.png" alt="A preview of storybook" />
</Frame>

<Tip>The `storybook` application runs on port 6006.</Tip>

SuperStarter uses [Storybook](https://storybook.js.org/) as a frontend workshop for the design system. It allows you to interact with the components in the design system, and see how they behave in different states.

## Configuration

By default, Storybook is configured with our [blocks](/packages/design-system/blocks) and every component from [shadcn/ui](https://ui.shadcn.com/), and allows you to interact with them. It is also configured with the relevant fonts and higher-order components to ensure a consistent experience between your application and Storybook.

## Development

To start the app, run the following command in the root directory:

```sh Terminal
pnpm --filter storybook dev
```

## Adding stories

You can add your own components to the workshop by adding them to the `apps/storybook/stories` directory. Each component should have its own `.stories.tsx` file.

<Tip>
Adding a storybook is very simple, just follow the examples. The benefit of separating the component UI from the data is that you can reuse components across different applications, ensuring a consistent visual experience across all applications.
</Tip>
