packages/authentication.mdx, before:

---
title: Authentication
description: We use Clerk to handle authentication, user and organization management.
---

<Frame>
  <img src="/images/authentication.png" alt="" />
</Frame>

SuperStarter manages authentication through the use of a `auth` package. By default, this package is a wrapper around [Clerk](https://clerk.com/) which provides a complete authentication and user management solution that integrates seamlessly with Next.js applications.

<Tip>
You need first to enable `Enable organizations` in your Clerk project settings to use the organization management features.
</Tip>

## In-App

The `@repo/auth` package exposes an `AuthProvider`, however you don't need to use this directly. The [`DesignSystemProvider`](/packages/design-system/provider) includes all relevant providers and higher-order components.

From here, you can use all the pre-built components and hooks provided by Clerk. To demonstrate this, we've added the `<OrganizationSwitcher>` and `<UserButton>` components to the sidebar, as well as built out the Sign In and Sign Up pages.

<Frame>
  <img src="/images/sign-in.png" alt="Sign In Page" />
</Frame>

## Webhooks

Clerk uses webhooks to handle authentication events. These are handled in the `POST /webhooks/clerk` route in the `api` app. Make sure you enable the webhook events you need in your Clerk project settings.

## Email Templates

Clerk handles authentication and authorization emails automatically. You can configure the theming of Clerk-sent emails in their dashboard.

### Local Development

We can use [Tunnel](/packages/payments/overview#tunnel) to test webhooks in local development.
Tunnel is a tool that exposes the ports of local machines to the Internet. This allows us to test webhook locally.

Commit message:

docs(environment): update environment variable documentation and add Clerk-specific variables
- Update environment variable examples for app, web, and API packages
- Add Clerk-specific environment variables to documentation
- Update authentication package to mention new environment variables
- Add tip about VERCEL_PROJECT_PRODUCTION_URL in environment documentation
- Update deployment checklist to link to new environment variable documentation

packages/authentication.mdx, after:

---
title: Authentication
description: We use Clerk to handle authentication, user and organization management.
---

<Frame>
  <img src="/images/authentication.png" alt="" />
</Frame>

SuperStarter manages authentication through the use of a `auth` package. By default, this package is a wrapper around [Clerk](https://clerk.com/) which provides a complete authentication and user management solution that integrates seamlessly with Next.js applications.

<Tip>
You need first to enable `Enable organizations` in your Clerk project settings to use the organization management features.
</Tip>

## Add Environment Variables

You need to add some environment variables for your application to use Clerk.

```env .env.local
CLERK_WEBHOOK_SECRET=
NEXT_PUBLIC_CLERK_PUBLISHABLE_KEY=
NEXT_PUBLIC_CLERK_SIGN_IN_URL=
NEXT_PUBLIC_CLERK_SIGN_UP_URL=
NEXT_PUBLIC_CLERK_AFTER_SIGN_IN_URL=
NEXT_PUBLIC_CLERK_AFTER_SIGN_UP_URL=
```

## In-App

The `@repo/auth` package exposes an `AuthProvider`, however you don't need to use this directly. The [`DesignSystemProvider`](/packages/design-system/provider) includes all relevant providers and higher-order components.

From here, you can use all the pre-built components and hooks provided by Clerk. To demonstrate this, we've added the `<OrganizationSwitcher>` and `<UserButton>` components to the sidebar, as well as built out the Sign In and Sign Up pages.

<Frame>
  <img src="/images/sign-in.png" alt="Sign In Page" />
</Frame>

## Webhooks

Clerk uses webhooks to handle authentication events. These are handled in the `POST /webhooks/clerk` route in the `api` app. Make sure you enable the webhook events you need in your Clerk project settings.

## Email Templates

Clerk handles authentication and authorization emails automatically. You can configure the theming of Clerk-sent emails in their dashboard.

### Local Development

We can use [Tunnel](/packages/payments/overview#tunnel) to test webhooks in local development.
Tunnel is a tool that exposes the ports of local machines to the Internet. This allows us to test webhook locally.
